4/20/26
55 yo, poor career progression https://www.linkedin.com/in/teebuphilip, 12 yrs at TracFone Wireless
4 jobs in last 5 years
3 yo daughter
crazy menopausal wife
if we did not have a 18 yo dog(that recently died - Biscotti - 7/29/2008 - 4/5/2026) we woudl have divorced a long time ago
we dont have a great marriage
approx 1.2 M in 401/retirement funds - scattered
owe 250k on 20yo house in Miramar, FL 33027
very little savings that we can tap into right now
spending more than i am tkaing in


got job at Kaseya as tech program manager after 19 month unemployment (6/25)
job sucked, new cto came in whacked my boss.
10/25 thnking of options
as a lark i thought about my old basketball scripts and decided to convert it to a modern context with claude

then claude tricked me into thinking i was going to become a bball millionaire.
got a chat sub as well decided to make a product called courtdominion (auction/fantasy basketball projections)

i had an old perl script that i wrote in 1999 that i used for many many year in auction basketball to win $$$.
I figured it was worth a shot to modernize it and build it.

after the code was kind of working and my docker container and thought processes were clear technically, i realized
something very important.  i know nothing about actually running a buisness and how to get people to view this site.
i had heard of the terms and vaguely familar with the terms but I could not even begin to understand how to market or
operate the business from a financial standpoint.

of course, i asked chatgpt if they could help, naturally the answer was yes.  i created an eloborate schedule of activities
for myself.  from november 19 2025 to jan 26 2026.  i would launch courtdominion.com on jan 26 2026 - couple things happened

i have a 2015 macbook pro runnign catalina (can run docker, firefox) and terminals  - it died, i revived it - but it is on its last legs - by nov 2026 - i will need to get something new
i am a vi terminal guy.  hate guis

around thanksgiving 2025 computer died, took me until dec 10 to get it functional, then i had to reinstall completely on dec 20.  was using work computer for a time.

so around thanksgiving 2025, i asked the innoouse question - hey this schedule - this is a product right , its better than CD right ?
of course, ai being nice, said YES OF COURSE!!!

fo (FounderOps) created - chatgpt - took me through an elobrate process of intake, build to create hundreds of json files, i strted building it and put CD on the back burner.
mid feb 2026, both chat and claude told me i had better start simulating builds - build something that coudl make builds - i ignored that advice - but i thought
since i have FO, i can make a special option for myself to build my own "small, boring" microsaas that make 300-1000 MRR - of course where are my ideas.

i created AFH - an ai pipeline that generates ideas for small, boring microsaas.

march - i realized that i need that test harness to test my FO - so i built FO_TEST_HARNESS - i multi pass setup that will take the raw idea coming out of AFH, enrich it build it to my
specific engine(fast api, python based, nextjs front) - i realized 2 things, i ccould use this as my base for AF (AutoFounder) which creates these simple boring microsaas.

then claude made some super advance in march that basically shuttered FO

so i went whole hog on AF - but that is too difficult.  i spent lots of money

3 weeks ago, i read some medium article (3yo signed me up by accident), about sector trading and doing it in python, as a lark i asked claude, and it spit it out.
realizing i need money i said come up with more algos, (they were all 'normal').  they as a lark i said, hey we need to think up something crazy, me doing the
normal stuff isnt going to make me money right.  claude spit out 10 crazy ideas.

that germinated into stockarithm



